1.one feature of object based programming is inheritance?
 TRue/FAlse
		Ans: false

2.can super class access the additional functionality of sub class
 yes/no
		Ans: NO


3.Can we pass an object of a subclass to a method expecting an object of the super class
 yes/no

		Ans: yes


4.You know that all classes in java are inherited from java.lang.Object class. Are interfaces also inherited from Object class?
 yes/no

		Ans: No


5.What will happen if a class extends two interfaces and they both have a method with same name and signature?
 accepted/error
	
		Ans: accepted


6. How do you restrict a member of a class from inheriting to it’s sub classes.?

		Ans: make the class final

7.Which of the following is true about interfaces in java.


   1) An interface can contain following type of members.
   ....public, static, final fields (i.e., constants) 
   ....default and static methods with bodies

   2) An instance of interface can be created.

   3) A class can implement multiple interfaces.

   4) Many classes can implement the same interface.

		Ans: 1,3,4


8.Which of the following is FALSE about abstract classes in Java
   (A) If we derive an abstract class and do not implement all the abstract methods, then the derived   class should also be marked as abstract using ‘abstract’ keyword
  (B) Abstract classes can have constructors
  (C) A class can be made abstract without any abstract method
  (D) A class can inherit from multiple abstract classes.

		Ans: D


9.which is used to obtain 100% method hiding
   a.abstract class
   b.encapsulation
   c.polymorphism
   d.interface

		Ans: d


10.Multiple inheritance functionality can be supported by
   a.abstract class
   b.encapsulation
   c.polymorphism
   d.interface
		
		Ans: d


11.Runtime polymorphism can be acheived by
   a.abstract class
   b.encapsulation
   c.inheritance
   d.interface

		Ans: C


12.Which of the following statement(s) with regard to an abstract class in JAVA is/are TRUE ? I. An abstract class is one that is not used to create objects. II. An abstract class is designed only to act as a base class to be inherited by other classes.
  A.Only I
  B.Only II
  C.Neither I nor II
  D.Both I and II

		Ans: D





13.which of the following is true?

    a.super can be used to refer immediate parent class instance variable.
    b.super can be used to invoke immediate parent class method.
    c.super() can be used to invoke immediate parent class constructor.
    d.All of the above

		Ans: d



